The 34, yeah, exactly, 34. Let's do 34.
But do it with the pre-carriage. No, no,
do it with the pre-carriage. Yeah,
Here, you want here?
just press it.
Okay, so it's 31, it's...
It's now the traffic mode 3.
It should be, shouldn't here be 3,
the groupage.
Doesn't matter, it's three.
I hope you connected correct.
You can put it, it's the same.
We defined it a long time ago.
Mm.
Three and 31 is exactly the same and we
carried.
This is this is different because this is
the schema which we have. Basically,
if it's only traffic mode 3,
then we cheque the pre-carriage.
Then it I can then this information is
not correct. It can be 3 and 31. So, Max,
you have to correct that scheme, please.
Then you missed out that topic.
This was the information given to us,
but okay, we can change this.
If it's been given to you,
you just have to cheque the documentation.
Cheque the Miro board,
cheque the Miro board,
We can change it.
and you will see it was been given to you.
But nevertheless,
then just change it to 34.
Then we will see it,
do it to 34 before we start the
Okay.
discussion here again.
Yeah, okay, so let's change to...
Just put the beep, yeah,
just and and the pre-carriage take out,
please.
Okay, so we just,
it doesn't allow me to remove it right
now. Not sure where.
Now, you have to do it,
then you probably have to put it again,
It's.
put it to three or thirty-one,
and then take it out now, and then before,
Okay.
and then do it.
It automatically cheques it and out your
way.
Ohh, okay, so sorry, ohh yeah, okay,
sorry, it makes sense, sorry, yeah, sorry.
Yeah, I think so. Makes sense.
Mm.
Okay, so 34, we adjust it.
OK, so it's updated now.
Will receive the event.
Just let me cheque it with it was with.
Twenty-seven.
627 CC. Now we have HR leg here, right?
It should,
it is correct because this traffic mode
requires HR leg and we see it already.
And if you notice here,
this is no longer part of your dispo.
This leg is already removed from your
dispo, but it appears assigned on TMS.
And the reason for that is that when we
change the traffic mode,
TMS data does not clear.
And this is definitely a TMS issue
because this is a transformation down
from the old system.
We are not allowing this in your dispo.
And Joachim, this morning,
you confirmed that this is a TMS bug.
The correct action would be to remove the
old leg that's no longer valid and to
Yeah, we do, we're doing this.
create a new one.
Here it is.
And so.
You should also remove it from the
transport order.
Yeah,
but this is like we are reacting to a
change.
This change is introduced from the TMS
database.
We are actually not doing any changes
inside the CC mechanism.
We are only reacting to changes from TMS,
and this has been all the way down like
this. And also,
if we do additional actions to the TMS
database, this introduces additional.
Synchronisation issues, York,
in which it's like a totally different
concept right now.
We are reacting to a change and not
introducing additional changes to the TMS
because my expectation will be that if we
allowed from a third party this traffic
mode to be changed,
then the TMS should do all of the needed
data synchronisation which needs to be
done.
This leg I can show you in the TMS system.
This leg is no longer there.
If I just cheque for this with this leg,
let's cheque for with the shipment.
Where shipment number?
Okay,
I just checked it on the user interface.
Yeah.
It's not there.
This 438-359 is not visible for us as
well. Therefore, the question is,
and that's what I don't understand,
is if it's not visible on the TMS side,
old classic app,
why is it still displayed here on the
drive instructions?
I would just explain this.
And you are sure that from your side on
that these drive instructions that you
generate are related to some TMS old
classic app mechanism?
I will just showcase this. So, okay,
if I just cheque this ship point here,
this is TMS.
So, we see we have this,
I just checked the ID,
and this is pretty much what this view
shows us is the assigned legs on TMS
database. So,
if I just cheque this here and I click it,
you see that we have VL at H and the VL
leg here. If I go, it's assigned.
to transport order ending in 146.
If I cheque this transport order and I
cheque the request which you are sending
for it, just a second.
In the network tab,
you see that this is exactly anything 146.
That means that this is exactly the same
transport order which we are seeing right
now.
And TMS tells me that there is a leak
assigned to this transport order with
those two points on it. Obviously,
we don't have when we see this, I mean,
we change this caption, we discussed this,
but
Ah.
If we have this caption,
that means that new dispo does not have
any data for a leg to be to have been
assigned from the new dispo up to this
transport order.
Or the leg you formally dispatch to
transport order no longer exists based on
Yeah.
Exactly, so it should not be there.
the traffic mode.
So it should not be here, right?
This should be no.
This is what we discussed talking this
morning,
that this is like a leftover and this leg
is no longer there.
Max, that means...
If traffic mode is changed,
and so TMS will decide which legs have to
be removed from a transport order.
The.
And, OK, pick up legs.
But can you just do it a different way?
Before we get that answer,
just do it a different way around.
Then I'm trying to find out where the
problem is, because do the following. No,
wait, I'll show my I'll show my screen.
OK.
For example, I've got here.
Let me show you my screen and then maybe
somebody can help me to understand.
Wait, not this one.
Hope it's still available.
Ohh, I know, I know, which,
which one was it?
Ohh, ****.
Mm.
Stop.
One moment,
it's not running good at the moment.
This one.
This one,
it won't allow me to change the 4420.
Yachim, 4420, this one here.
Now, since this is a traffic mode three.
and I tried to change it to a different
traffic mode,
TMS will send me information that I'm not
allowed to do it.
So I cannot do anything here.
And even if I do something else, okay,
this is within the parameters that allow
me to change only these transport legs.
We had a different situation.
Was it Ali Bingen? What I'm saying?
Why do we just see something else?
Where I get a message here that this
already is on a transport order cannot be
changed. I think it's this one. Let me.
And then I'll go.
No, this one.
But in long, long-haul transport order,
I think, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, hold, yes, long hold.
I'm not quite sure,
I cannot reproduce it currently,
but I have to cheque it. But let's say...
What's?
What what I would expect as a as a user
is that changes.
in a traffic mode where we already have a
drive instructions and tour points that a
change of the traffic mode simply should
be blocked. I'm not quite sure what's.
Currently not allowing this that it
happens.
Um...
I'm not quite sure what's the easiest
thing to do currently.
That's a removal from the transport order
only will take if it's preliminary.
What was the preliminary?
It's if it's shipment is final.
Um, planning won't be touched, or it's...
But you are think that they are all
currently what we are testing the only
final shipments.
All of them.
We haven't tested yet the situation with
preliminary shipments because we cannot
produce them currently.
What we did, we tried to test it,
it doesn't work. So preliminary shipments,
But.
we haven't tested all final shipments in
plan.
OKOK. For preliminary shipments for me,
it's for.
Hmm, I do might be polo, being done.
As a, he'll open as well.
Otherwise, yeah.
As a month here, open there.
Yeah, exactly. From my understanding,
this would be preliminary shipments.
Mm.
And the others would be advices.
As if you cannot as a job.
Let me just do it in German,
probably will help me.
The other here, the lake on lot.
VL nur zu einem HL.
und der die ursprüngliche Fahrenweise mit
der T. A. Nummer noch erhalten bleibt.
Ich weiß nicht,
wie programmtechnisch wir da jetzt
entschieden haben, dass ich sag jetzt mal
Das Verhalten zu dokumentieren,
weil am Ende würde es ja bedeuten.
Uh, it's this one. I know,
Ways of 35 is it this one?
With which which transport order did you
put it on the sixth or on the fifth?
Which one is it?
Let's met really check.
It's.
Sorry, in German,
just for the sake of the record,
I understand German,
just my talking is not that good.
That's okay, it's.
Yeah, it's from the 9th to the 12th.
Nine.
The the 9th to 30th.
Of May.
Of June, of June 9th till 12th.
Yeah, and the number is 359 at the end.
The young man in the kitchen in this team.
ja hier dann die dazugehörige Verbindung
zu der Sendung ja verloren geht.
Weil wir ja gesagt haben,
daraus machen wir ja keine Vorholung,
sondern nur noch ein HL-Lag.
Was wäre was vom User oder was vom
Prozess her, sollten wir dann,
Ja.
bevor wir das tun,
die Fahranweisung stornieren und dann
erst tun?
Aber da müsste ja irgendwo ja ein Hinweis
kommen, dass hier noch.
Weil jetzt lässt er es ja zu.
Also diese Meldung würde ja jeden
irritieren oder er würde ja hier einen
Fahrauftrag
Angezeigt bekommen,
der ja nie irgendwie inhaltlich.
Mit einer Sendung verbunden ist.
Mhm.
One of us has to clear the.
Ja.
Connexion between the pickup leg and the
transport order.
Okay,
because that's also what my expectations
Um...
would be.
So somebody should register that a
shipment has changed in its traffic mode.
So somebody should register that there's
something been going on within this
transport order that doesn't apply to the
rules that the initial drive instructions
had.
So the shipment is taken off from this
and I don't quite yet understand why
Joachim should delete this line.
Why don't,
who generates this entry in the database?
This is so TMS work. I mean,
we have assigned this,
and it's already there in the TMS,
and what new dispo we have to new dispo
guarantees that is that the legs you see
here will be in sync with new dispo,
like during.
Okay.
I can just a quick second.
Yeah, but what would happen?
What's the difference between the
mechanism changing the traffic mode and
the mechanism if I put here?
this mechanism,
what's the difference in the code? I mean,
I can directly.
now I, why doesn't it,
why doesn't this work?
That's what we actually,
because now I take it off.
So this should be actually going here.
And now if you look in the database,
Okay.
everything is correct.
Yeah,
but like there's a difference like how
you do this because this is operation
which is which is actually triggered by a
new dispo and we have special handlers
here which guarantee that this action
which you do here will be reflected and
this will be the same between the two
databases. If we do this from the CDC,
it's the other way around.
Then we react to a change which comes
from the TMS and we just reflect it in
the database.
If we without currently without doing any
additional modifications over the TMS
database,
we just react to what happened in TMS and.
But the problem is that the state of a
shipment is different because if you
react to CDC,
if I do the traffic mode changes to a
shipment that has not yet been applied to
a traffic, to a transport order,
is that the shipment has no relation to
any transport order.
Now I do a change to a shipment that is
already
applied to a transport order and then I
want to remove it and I do it by changing
a state of a shipment by changing the
traffic mode. Now doing this,
somebody should cheque if it is on a
driver's instruction.
If it is on a driver instruction,
We have to remove it.
Yeah,
but just those are like those all of
those stuff are just databases
inconsistency.
This is data which is left in the TMS
after this operation did take place.
I assume that there is some sort of
handler which allows so it should reflect
which actually does the change inside TMS
which you just did. Can I quickly share?
I mean.
Just to showcase, you see here, this,
you showed yourself that you are not
allowed to do some sort of changes. Also,
during the testing of this thing,
I noticed, for example,
that you're not allowed to change for
traffic mode one or three to traffic mode
two or four, right?
This is restricted because this exactly
proves that this should not be possible
from.
From exactly from the OTMS,
it's like there are two possible
solutions here. First,
we either restrict this change,
because I think this would be the easiest
approach, because restricting the change,
there is nobody needs to do any cleaning
up of this data.
And it's just you can switch between one
or three or two or four,
and this is totally fine.
But if you switch between the actual
something which causes a switch of the
pickup leg, then this,
as Jochi mentioned this morning,
in his opinion, should not be allowed.
Like when it comes to clearing data,
if we go this direction,
this is operation triggered from TMS and
having leftovers,
it means that the actual handler of this
traffic mode change is not behaving as it
is.
As expected,
it's not something which you just put us
or has any access to change traffic mode.
The actual handler of this switch has not
done this job correctly inside book
because it there is the data which is in
incorrect state in the TMS data,
and also if I can showcase here,
you see this is the...
view from which we read the two points
for this particular 146 transport order.
You see that here I see the two two
points as well.
Here, if you want to see the data,
it's test something we created,
and like one of the other two points,
it's an actual branch.
So yeah,
those are leftovers from this operation.
Like if this is not required,
then we should restrict it in the TMS or
TMS system or actually fix the handler
just to remove those records as well.
In those particular 2 cases,
when we switch between traffic modes,
which require either VO or HR Lake.
Because,
because this is the correct behavior,
I mean...
Basically, the question is...
Yeah.
Why would we even allow this operation if
it is not allowed?
No.
No, okay.
Not as a, well,
basically we want to allow the operation
until a certain status,
but since this is impossible to manage or
handle until the go live,
I suggested we somehow should make it
work differently because
To be honest,
if we not yet have communicated any state
of a shipment on a VL leg, for example,
I can change it from, let's say, 34 to 30,
what is possible.
because this happens and will happen.
It should be possible and also the drive
instructions said then also be
automatically updated.
But I don't believe that all of this has
been implemented and worked through.
That's what I tried to test,
my assumption that certain things should
happen. Also that, for example, I can, I..
.
do the following. I see, okay,
I have a traffic mode 3. Sorry,
I have a traffic mode 4.
I missed out one shipment,
and then I want to change to traffic mode
3. Somebody changes it,
and then everything should merge to the
same lot. But all of this,
we also had a discussion last week, Max,
where I saw that this logic
It would be that I said it's logical that
some of these things should happen.
The discussion ended that you had a
different assumption than I had.
So what I'm trying to solve now is how do
we clear this problem as smooth and as
Mhm.
simple as possible?
And, because I don't believe we all,
you know...
Or able to...
Do the changes that I actually expect the
system in the future to do,
because it's always...
As long as a drive instruction for a VL
leg has not yet the final state.
That it has been communicated within a
drive instruction, I would.
want the system to allow me traffic mode
changes and also the tour points
automatically update to the correct state
of the traffic mode.
because it will happen in a daily basis
because users
see, okay, these shipments, for example,
he says traffic mode 3,
and there's one shipment with a larger
amount on it with 7 tons,
and he changes this to a traffic mode 34.
What will happen?
So he has another tour point should
automatically be added to the drive
instructions and the system should
automatically say, okay,
this is fine because I have not yet
communicated this with the customer.
As soon as I communicated with the
customer,
the state changes and all this
information is transferred
to if they are follow-up legs for the
traffic mode 3,
there will be a follow-up leg for the NL
for the final leg. So yeah,
then everything should be hard-coded.
But until then,
we are in a preliminary stage.
We are planning shipments.
For the first leg and deciding things
that will change.
That's what I expect as a user in the
future will happen. So, but this,
all this is too complicated. We need a.
For now,
like for the for the time we have now.
And I'm again doing something that P3
likes a lot that I'm going back in my
definitions and doing the easy stuff.
And this is all the expectations as a
project owner that P3 should have had
delivered years ago.
And not Joachim.
We have.
You can direct these questions and
everything to Martin if you want.
Who else?
Yes.
Discussion would be whether the dispatch
has to keep a consistent state of the
transport order.
The problem is that there are legs
planned that are no longer existing.
due to the traffic mode and we can
discuss whether it's correct behaviour to
create simply a new leg for there are one
or some more legs already dispatched.
For the for a shipment.
Sorry,
I don't think I got this idea because the
traffic mode is already changed, right?
And this change requires a different type
of leg, let's say if it's in the...
Yeah,
but there are already legs dispatched.
And his legs have to be cleared.
Now we can discuss who has to clear it.
Oh yeah, I mean,
I this is like my idea as well, but like,
as I assume this is a handler here from
the.
OTMS system,
whatever this change reflects in the
database, it should also clear the.
But we are, to be honest, Boyan,
we are discussing something that,
it's a shipment entry that changes the
traffic mode.
What would happen if I would have told
Joachim to wrap up this function and
allow me in the new Dispo app,
for example,
what we also discussed a few years ago,
I go here in the drive instructions and
also I wanted here a drop-down list to
change it.
What would happen then if I would be able
to change it within this drive
instructions and this function would have
been implemented?
Would you also discuss about who has to
do the changes?
Because you would have had to react on
No, it's.
this change within the drive instructions.
May I?
This is, I can explain Max,
but if you want, just go ahead.
As Boyan has explained before,
this is a change which is inside new
disco. Basically,
something we trigger and we are
inflicting this change. And basically,
everything which is around this change,
we can manage and basically do our
operations and in, yeah, in line with
the TMS, how whatever needs to be done,
we do. But the...
But you still not reacting to my initial
actual question,
and that was actually told what would
happen if this change would be able to,
we would do in the new distal in the
drive instruction. What would happen then?
Who should react? New distal?
Yeah.
I can, yeah,
actually the cause the changes will
change the traffic port and do the
correct cleric of data and everything,
because it initiated from your and there
would be a handler which does this if the
handler has a bug in it and it does not
do it, then it's a TMS bug,
and the difference like which I want to
explain right now,
the main difference between doing
something from and from...
The TMS is that,
like actions triggers from you,
we have a synchronisation mechanism which
guarantee which try to keep the two
databases in sync. Well,
if you are reacting to a change in the
from the CDC mechanism,
this is a change which occurred in one of
the tables which we are like Sandbox
table.
We cannot, like,
we cannot guarantee that the two systems
will be in sync.
This is the main reason why I'm trying to
explain that this change is a actually
handler change in the TMS.
It's not something which...
Okay, for the following suggestion,
Rachim,
I think on Tuesday you in Nuremberg,
it's office day probably.
And then Christian also will be attending.
I'll put 15 minutes and then we will
discuss who does the change.
And then we send it to Christian and
Yosif discuss it with.
who has to do the change.
Normally,
it's not a problem to do the change on
TMS side,
but it would result in implementing twice.
If Boyan,
if you do it on the new dispose side.
I just told you my main concern about
doing this. It's A synchronisation topic.
And then.
Yeah.
First, first,
I was learning Christian Langdard's demos
essential.
It can it out of new disposal.
And he does not in the
A.
It's a totally different.
The thing is totally different kind of
reaction,
reacting to its own change and reacting
to a change trigger from a different
system.
And we have.
Basically everything in line regarding
changes which are happening on the TMS
side regarding.
shipment information, what should happen,
what should not happen. Basically,
we are reflecting changes from TMS.
And when it comes,
we are not cleaning up the TMS database
when it comes to any changes. This is...
Basically done.
by TMS all the time.
And at one point.
Yeah.
Max, you are right.
But it could also be okay.
CDC detects change of traffic mode.
So the current traffic mode was three.
two, maybe two or four, with a pickup leg.
And before creating the new legs,
the long haul legs,
you also could invoke TMS function to
clean up the
The previous pickup legs,
it's the same I would do in TMS.
And this you would do if it's possible to
change traffic mode on a new dispose site
later on. It would be the same.
what I exactly see as also your job to do.
And you should have done it a long time
ago.
But just a question,
just one like very simple question: if we
Thank you.
have...
just an operation which will be
restricted anyways, right?
Because you said at one point,
at a certain amount of time,
or basically with a status, whatever,
when it's communicated,
when it's already the targets,
you cannot change this shipment anymore.
There are just some statuses which kick
in.
and provide this mechanism,
you cannot change this field anymore.
So it is required at some point that this,
or it's even already implemented.
Or, it needs to be changed at least once.
So, basically,
the statement you've done your or you
made that we have to do it twice on your
and TMS side is not 100% correct,
because on TMS side this change needs to
happen anyways.
And for the case we have right now,
this would be the implementation of just
minimising the amount of effort for a
timeline, which is already.
Kind of short.
And I mean,
I understand you're working on the Gopa
visa topic and you want to finish up on
this.
But.
The question is,
how much effort is it to restrict this
change now?
The change on on the traffic,
the traffic mode on classic TMS.
You mean what we discussed this morning?
Yes.
But I was not aware that traffic mode
change should result in a change in the
transport order if it's preliminary.
Yeah,
but we're not talking about preliminary
Yeah.
right now. We're talking about only final.
Just for now, Max, I mean,
you're shaking your head again. Okay,
We won't start with final shift in a,
but okay,
Boyan.
like this is amazing how you start your
discussions and pushing effort to other
I mean...
people instead of trying to solve it
within their own company when it was your
Max,
it's not about pushing effort to other
project.
That's what you exactly did and I'm sorry,
people, it's dividing.
and I'm sorry that you
I have never, never,
ever heard a third party giving jobs to
our own people as the way you just did.
And it's very,
very rude what you just said and how you
said it.
To be really honest.
And you should watch out who you are
working for.
Max.
Max, I hear you.
May I say something or do you want?
No.
I asked you a simple question.
Maybe if it would be possible for you and
yours to do it the other way around.
It didn't answer his question.
I would expect you to deliver an answer
until Monday. Otherwise,
I'll try to call Martin if he then can
answer that and he will talk to you and
what's your decision on how doing it.
Maybe even Matthias can decide if it is
possible.
But I don't quite understand why you're
not trying to help us here or try to
solve the problem as Joachim suggested.
My focus is on the timeline.
We have agreed that we want to have a
timeline for the 16th.
And I'm just stating this is the minimal
amount of work in general for whomever
would be to restrict this change.
Okay, Boyan, Boyan, continue.
I don't want to listen to much anymore.
Okay, just let me put it this way. I mean,
we are just like from development point
of view,
we are not reluctant to doing this.
It's just like my idea here is like,
what is the correct way to do it?
And this is what I think we are trying to
discuss here. Like if you guys sit down,
Joachim, I'd say Christian, Matthias,
and you guys decided it should be new
dispute who does this.
I mean, then fine.
I'm just think like from like from my
technical point of view,
I'm not the architect,
just to mention this,
from my technical point of view,
like this may cause additional errors and
I just explain to Matthias what my
concern is.
If you guys decide next week that it
should be new dispo.
which does this at the end. I mean,
after this discussion, which you,
Mark suggested, then, okay,
let's plan for it and let's do it. I mean,
I'm not, we are not,
I personally from technical point of view,
I'm not reluctant to do it.
Just the discussion here is what is the
correct approach and what is the correct
behavior. So as we mentioned,
like we fix this issue.
like in general and not like partially,
but to fix it like for the current
situation,
for the current state and for the current
deadlines that we have.
This is a discussion like this is like a
reason why I asked initially for this
meeting to happen just to discuss this
topic and just come back at least with a
plan how we should approach this.
I think that this plan now
Is there,
if you guys have a meeting next week,
Matthias is, Max, correct me if I'm wrong,
but I think Matthias is back next week
He's back on Monday.
again. So yeah,
just my proposal here will be just
Joachim, because you have like most,
like best idea how TMS works.
And I'm just showcasing what I can find
out and what we discussed with you this
morning. I'm not.
Like,
I don't want to push for anything because
I'm not an architect in the end. I mean,
we have a dedicated architect,
so let's just follow the process,
just discuss it,
and like whatever you guys decide,
let's plan for it and let's just achieve
it. Like my, after all,
my role in the project is just to make
things happen which you guys decide. So
So yeah,
let's just have the discussion and we
Nothing else we said,
but is important for us.
will have it, yeah.
There are two solutions on the table and
somebody has to provide the correct
answer. And I said,
Matthias is probably and Kristiyan,
the two people to decide what is the
thing to do.
We found a problem and nothing else,
and I didn't expect anybody to
Totally correct. Totally correct.
raise their hands to say who has to do it.
It's not for me or I think also for Max
to decide.
So thank you for clearing it up.
I think you brought it on a point that
Matthias and Christian should decide next
Tuesday at latest how to implement.
the correct solution for the system.
Yeah, we just observed the problem.
We decided it's an undesired behaviour
and we have some inconsistencies between
the two systems. So yeah, I mean,
at the end, at the end,
it's they who decide. I mean, it's not us.
So, correct.
So yeah, let's, yeah. Okay, so I think.
Yeah. OK. Thank you.
Yeah.
Uh.
Right.
Bye.